# Welcome!

I am Mr_Lawrence. I have recently stepped out of the classroom as a high school math teacher and am now a new developer in the .NET environment. I will initially be practicing my SharePoint platform and .NET framework skills, then branching out to topics centered about gaming, AI, and machine learning. 

# Alright... First things first... What is SharePoint?

What is SHAREPOINT?!? I'm glad you asked ;). SharePoint is a platform developed by Microsoft that functions as a collaborative content management system that developers can use to create web applications. SharePoint is hosted on servers that are joined in the farm.

# What is a Farm? 

A FARM is the lowest level in the SharePoint topology (well...next to the hardware). Topology? Ooh big word...smh. That's just the way the network of servers are arranged in the farm. These farms are composed of a web front-end(WFE), application(APP), and database(DB). Basically, SharePoint is logically arranged in a Farm which can have several tiers:
    1. 1-tier farm: Small Farm - big things can come in small packages
        -WFE, APP, and DB are hosted on the same server --> one server
    
    2. 2-tier farm: Medium Farm - for the medium appetite --> 
        -WFE & APP on one server...DB hosted separately
    
    
    3. 3-tier farm: Large Farm - 
    
#Ok cool...ummm, but how are we getting this ball on the roll?

CAPACITY PLANNING to the rescue. There are five stages: M.D.P.D.M. ... AHA!!! a palindrome!
    1. Model:
    2. Design:
    3. PTO:
    4. Deploy:
    5. M&M:

#Ok... we're set up and ready for production...wait...what if we want to practice first?

I'm sure you were thinking it, right? Er...well...just in case. There are three types of SharePoint environments:
    1. CSD: Code, Solve, Develop - this is where you practice, my friend
    2. QA: Quality Assurance - after you develop cool stuff, you'll test it here
    3. PRO: Production - now you're playing with the big kids
    
#Excellent...you should feel like a superhero now...in fact, you have a secret "lair" within the SharePoint farm called...drumroll...
                                                
                                                CENTRAL ADMINISTRATION!!! 
                                                
... ok, it's not the FORTRESS of SOLITUDE or whatever, but it can help you do a few things:
    1. admin site
    2. manage web apps
    3. back-up and restore
    4. manage farm
    5. manage apps
    6. manage 3rd party tools
    7. create site collections and web applications
    

[`markdowns/welcome.md`](https://github.com/TechDotIO/csharp-template/blob/master/markdowns/welcome.md)
What you are reading here is generated by this file. Tech.io uses the [Markdown syntax](https://tech.io/doc/reference-markdowns) to render text, media and to inject programming exercises.


[`csharp-project`](https://github.com/TechDotIO/csharp-template/tree/master/csharp-project)
A .Net Core MSTest project dedicated to run the programming exercise above. A project relies on a Docker image to run. You can find images on the [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/explore/) or you can even [build your own](https://tech.io/doc/reference-runner).


[`techio.yml`](https://github.com/TechDotIO/csharp-template/blob/master/techio.yml)
This *mandatory* file describes both the table of content and the programming project(s). The file path should not be changed.


# Visual and Interactive Content

Tech.io provides all the tools to embed visual and interactive content like a Web app or a Unix terminal within your contribution. Please refer to the [documentation](https://tech.io/doc) to learn more about the viewer integrations.


